Sir, you are finally awake.
Where am I?
You are in the hospital
You have a good rest first
Don't worry about the Heaven Dou for the time being, understand?
Princess Xiawen
You've been unconscious for days
My fiancé has been watching by the bedside
What do you want to say?
fiancé
Linze
When did you get engaged to Princess Xiawen?
Lord, don't listen to his nonsense
He is teasing you
Why are you so nervous to hear that I'm engaged?
Princess
Don't talk nonsense
When was Mr. Linze engaged to you?
Again
His sweetheart has always been my adult
Open your mouth
Linze
When did you say it was interesting to your adult?
Besides, am I not as good as your adults?
Compared to other women
You can also
But my adults are the best
Please be quiet
Hello, Suyani Linzi, help!
Xuan Xuan was kidnapped